README.md, before:

Overview
========
This is a Cython wrapper for codec2 library. More about codec2 can be found
[here](http://www.rowetel.com/blog/?page_id=452).

Installation
============

## Prerequisites

pycodec2 requires [codec2](https://github.com/drowe67/codec2). The easiest way to install codec2 on Linux is to use the distro's package-manager, e.g. `pacman -Syuu codec2`, so that codec2's assets land in standard, searchable directories for `python setup.py` to use.

## Instructions

Run:

    python setup.py install

to install the library.

Example
=======

`example.py` implements a basic script that uses codec2 to encode and deencode a
sample.

1. Download a sample .wav file, e.g.
[trashcan](https://freesound.org/people/InspectorJ/sounds/431158/).

2. Convert the .wav to a raw mono-channel 8kHz format, e.g.

    sox trashcan.wav -e signed-integer -b 16 trashcan.raw channels 1 rate 8000

3. Compile pycodec2

    python setup.py build_ext --inplace

3. Run `example.py`

    python example.py trashcan.raw

4. Convert `output.raw`

    sox -r 8000 -e signed-integer -b 16 output.raw output.wav

Now you can listen to output.wav.

Remarks
=======
Codec2 assumes that input files: use 8kHz bitrate, 16-bit width samples, and a
single channel.

This library is considered complete. Please notify me or send a pull request on
Github if you notice any bugs.

Commit message:

Mention modes available in README, remove 450PWB warning since Codec2 appears to handle it natively

README.md, after:

Overview
========
This is a Cython wrapper for codec2 library. More about codec2 can be found
[here](http://www.rowetel.com/blog/?page_id=452).

Installation
============

## Prerequisites

pycodec2 requires [codec2](https://github.com/drowe67/codec2). The easiest way to install codec2 on Linux is to use the distro's package-manager, e.g. `pacman -Syuu codec2`, so that codec2's assets land in standard, searchable directories for `python setup.py` to use.

## Instructions

Run:

    python setup.py install

to install the library.

Example
=======

`example.py` implements a basic script that uses codec2 to encode and deencode a
sample.

1. Download a sample .wav file, e.g.
[trashcan](https://freesound.org/people/InspectorJ/sounds/431158/).

2. Convert the .wav to a raw mono-channel 8kHz format, e.g.

    sox trashcan.wav -e signed-integer -b 16 trashcan.raw channels 1 rate 8000

3. Compile pycodec2

    python setup.py build_ext --inplace

3. Run `example.py`

    python example.py trashcan.raw

4. Convert `output.raw`

    sox -r 8000 -e signed-integer -b 16 output.raw output.wav

Now you can listen to output.wav.

Remarks
=======
Codec2 assumes that input files: use 8kHz bitrate, 16-bit width samples, and a
single channel.

Look for `_modes` in `pycodec2/pycodec2.pyx` for a list of currently supported modes.

This library is considered complete. Please notify me or send a pull request on
Github if you notice any bugs.
